1. Owen Sheets

2. First, I have no timeout implemented. I struggled sending messages for the four days and ran out of time to implement it. My intuitions on adding timeout would be to add a timer to my "client" struct. I have a flag that is set when a user has a username so I would reference that flag when the timer goes off. If the flag is set, do not close the connection. 

Second, I am still having small errors passing messages between terminals. Occasionally when the string is 6-10 characters, the server will append garbage characters at the end of the message. I think this is due to an error in sending the correct amount of bytes. I looked at my ntohs & htons and think I have them correct but still the error persists.

Third, If a participant disconnects and tries to reconnect under the same name, the server wil segfault. This error is due to my trie structure which does not have a mechanism to delete names. At this stage, I regret using the trie structure and because I do not know how to delete a node from the tree. Knowing what I know now, I would have stored the active names in an array and reference that.
HOWEVER, it should be noted that in the original assignment PDF, it does not mention this functionality is required but a later FAQ clarified it is. When I made the decision to use the trie, I was unaware of this protocol requirement and would have made a different decision.

3. To test my code, I ran my server/clients with other students code to test protocol. I also connected 255 observers & participants to test that aspect. I also tested sending messages, sending private messages, disconnecting participants and observers. 

4. The most challenging aspect for me was figuring out the max socket descriptor to give to select. I spent four days trying to figure out why some of my observers got participant messages and how some participants could never get their username. It was because I was not saving the correct value of max sd. I normally used GDB to debug my C code but I learned this time around that GDB is close to worthless for networking debugging. 
